1920s
temporary
life-time
6 June 1944
Tet
half-holiday
holy day
year
Walpurgis Night
Golden Age
duty tour
Feast of the Unleavened Bread
Jewish holy day
Gregorian calendar month
diamond wedding anniversary
leptotene
youth
twinkling
probation
Advent Sunday
widowhood
mid-August
round-trip light time
midafternoon
rag
July
Valentine's Day
wedding night
period of time
Pentecost
seventies
field day
Jumada II
Ninth of Av
V-J Day
Sabbatum
Day of Atonement
Boxing Day
adolescence
guest night
wink
Epipaleolithic
Midweek
dawn
November 11
Ab
June
chapter
weeks
Islamic calendar month
Whitsun Tuesday
synodic month
religious festival
red-letter day
Germinal
turn
Eolithic Age
movable feast
time unit
sleep
Day of Judgment
Av
full-of-the-moon
Guy Fawkes Day
turnaround time
October 24
prohibition
sell-by date
after
academic year
theatrical season
kingdom come
Siwan
one-way light time
golden years
Periods
twenty-four hour period
s
hot spell
pubescence
technological revolution
midwinter
study hall
days
Yuletide
October 12
lease
May 1
fast day
anniversary
Pesach
press run
1940s
common year
Fourth of July
rainy season
leap second
Michaelmas Day
centenary
financial year
quatercentenary
split second
bronze age
menstrual phase
boyhood
week from Monday
spring
New Year
Sha'ban
Simchas Torah
leave
bissextile day
morrow
Jewish New Year
eld
Calculation period
note value
summer school
Ascension of the Lord
national holiday
Tebet
sixties
overtime period
spring training
modern era
civil year
first trimester
ephemeris time
Feast of Weeks
anomalistic month
Davis' Birthday
lasting
Dark Ages
Poppy Day
Saint Joseph
Tabernacles
day off
Victory Day
Quadragesima
During
iron age
Mother's Day
stretch
sidereal year
Veterans Day
fifties
modern times
shiva
Present
Ninth of Ab
November
Channukah
mid-twenties
1830s
Pluviose
Sukkoth
Iron Age
anomalistic year
Passover
Asin
fast time scale
Common era
Id al-Fitr
peak
major fast day
Rogation Day
mid-February
Remembrance Day
Pasch
fete day
msec
zygotene
Chislev
shibah
age
occupation
Easter Day
eon
lifespan
30 minutes
Prairial
years
diamond jubilee
phase of cell division
Quinquagesima
evening shift
Sabbath
Festival of Lights
name day
mid-seventies
nap
exhibition season
period
Harlem Renaissance
picnic
tercentenary
Last Judgment
femtosecond
aeon
Simchat Torah
Pesah
moveable feast
daylight
even
Phagun
Shavuoth
Lord's Day
Three Kings' Day
Whitsun
turnaround
musth
epoch
Annunciation
phase of the moon
term of office
holiday
attosecond
instant
clocking
cold snap
shore leave
OWLT
era
Candlemas Day
diplotene
calendar day
vacation
Channukkah
sabbatical
Olympiad
full moon
date of reference
jubilee
Margasivsa
Septuagesima
Texas Independence Day
religious holiday
V-day
Mesolithic Age
future
drouth
prime of life
playday
Annunciation Day
tide
mid-November
middle watch
1900s
mid-thirties
reign
genital stage
time off
furlough
leave of absence
Mesasamkranti
swing shift
Middle Paleolithic
puberty
information age
Reasonable amount of time
prison term
Yule
mid-April
Iyar
Lower Paleolithic
Whitsuntide
prehistoric culture
half-life
April
Dhu al-Hijja
Magh
for good
Rejoicing over the Law
annum
Sunday
continuance
Hanukah
rag week
Chanukkah
Circumcision
Elul
Lententide
Mesolithic
Midsummer Day
outing
Caitra
Admission Day
extra time
Transfiguration
regency
Baisakh
trick
times
eve
trice
today
question time
January 6
Jewish calendar month
Hannukah
January 1
blossom
twenties
Roman times
minute
Fast of Esther
Feast of Tabernacles
Jefferson Davis' Birthday
two weeks
age of consent
Jan
Thermidor
St John's Night
telophase
until
semester
Ramadan
mid-March
Twelfth night
Shrovetide
day shift
elapsed time
Apr
shift
third trimester
decennium
time value
Epiphany of Our Lord
mid-July
time period
running time
afterlife
liberty
fertile phase
calendar week
time scale
tour of duty
December 8
Jyaistha
polling day
Saint Patrick's Day
anal stage
Ellul
nanosecond
Hour
Weeks
night
feria
turn of the century
latency period
school term
microsecond
old age
Elizabethan age
Empire day
overtime
presidential term
Victoria Day
compensatory time
flash
Once a year
day of reckoning
Shimchath Torah
Christian era
baseball season
High Holiday
sabbatical year
moment
calendar year
rag day
blink of an eye
indiction
solar year
Michaelmastide
mid-June
feast day
1780s
rain date
silly season
Phalguna
April Fools'
Quadrigesima Sunday
Noel
tour
Low Sunday
spare time
Renaissance
minor fast day
sabbatical leave
Tishah b'Ab
Bonfire Night
watch
Rosh Chodesh
1890s
St Valentine's Day
TT
administration
60 minutes
lifetime
mid-May
run
Twelfthtide
terrestrial dynamical time
Tishah b'Av
Lincoln's Birthday
Aug
Th
school
Christmas Day
bicentennial
rest day
366 days
Regency
maidenhood
Years
July 1
octave
long run
14 July
July 4
semicentenary
latency phase
June 24
free time
Nov
June 29
Septuagesima Sunday
United Nations Day
tercentennial
wartime
full
Easter
Solemnity of Mary
Christmas
apogee
day of the month
September
Hours
September 29
millennium
tiebreaker
Great Depression
Hanukkah
regulation time
picosecond
June 23
civil day
yesterday
Hindu calendar month
June 14
Christian year
hitch
Closing date
Hallowe'en
Tuesday
Shavuot
school day
lunar day
hours
harvest
mid-January
washing day
Passion Week
triennial
Feast of the Circumcision
Transfiguration Day
Chanukah
Pus
multistage
Palaeolithic
church festival
Rosh Hashana
Within
hard times
time
window
American Indian Day
heartbeat
wedding day
Brumaire
Asarh
when
Thanksgiving
speech day
wintertime
calculation period
Shevat
football season
vice-presidential term
season
Eolithic
1960s
Caliphate
Columbus Day
new moon
Judgment Day
generation
leisure time
Robert E Lee Day
Iyyar
Patriot's Day
Tues
infancy
man hour
Veterans' Day
moon
Wed
Midsummer Night
Neolithic Age
thirties
Current
Dhu al-Qadah
Epiphany
Fast of the Firstborn
present times
Robert E Lee's Birthday
Transaction date
Assumption
sick leave
sudden death
Minute
wee
modern world
Corpus Christi
Holy Year
Feb
clotting time
senility
time limit
ephemera
harvest time
harvest moon
hunting season
deathbed
lunation
RTLT
morn
downtime
Fast of Tevet
permanent
antiquity
babyhood
incubation
canicule
year of grace
astronomical year
Halloween
Day
1850s
bout
attention span
paid vacation
before
schooldays
Holy Thursday
washday
nighttime
bloom
Karttika
diakinesis
April Fools' day
Allhallowtide
Dhu'l-Qa'dah
Midsummer Eve
day
1980s
minutes
Months
reasonable amount of time
temporarily
Allhallows
Innocents' Day
Banking day
August
last quarter
seedtime
Feast of Booths
lactation
Yom Kippur
Tevet
24/7
blue moon
bloom of youth
limitation
Permanent
phallic phase
rainy day
Sat
Platonic year
lunar month
Neolithic
new phase of the moon
Periodically
Recent
Sept
commencement day
decennary
graveyard watch
Financial year
anal phase
term of a contract
real time
Until
1760s
Muharrum
dotage
Dec
Saints Peter and Paul
lunar year
twenty-four hours
Rosh Hashanah
TDT
Fast of Ab
hereafter
Labor Day
extra innings
Industrial Revolution
Rosh Hodesh
high season
Date
afternoon
haying time
Temporary
lustrum
work time
twelvemonth
Fast of Av
Whitsunday
1870s
academic term
workday
enlistment
New Year's Day
Shavous
life sentence
Thanksgiving Day
playtime
prepuberty
Feast of Dormition
Rabi I
efflorescence
quadrennium
eighties
diamond wedding
Frimaire
jiffy
prime
pass
festival
graveyard shift
past
day of the week
pachytene
adulthood
Sivan
honeymoon
Bhadon
Decoration Day
Dhu'l-Hijja
Lady Day
canicular days
Bhadrapada
Feast of Sacrifice
half-term
Shawwal
Week
Nivose
Sep
heyday
1930s
off-season
dead
permanency
Allhallows Eve
Lammas Day
early days
March 2
Purim
sec
long haul
October
All Souls' Day
February 2
Muharram
mid-December
Days
Nisan
permanence
term
Reconstruction Period
basketball season
mid-fifties
Y2K
Year
Thursday
half-century
stage
bank holiday
solar month
quarter
bachelorhood
Paleolithic Age
Monday
historic period
split run
fishing season
Simhat Torah
oral phase
hockey season
Friday
calendar month
neonatal period
Remembrance Sunday
Thammuz
11 November
1820s
November 1
November 2
November 5
workweek
Twelfth day
mid-nineties
Holy Week
Hallowmass
Inauguration Day
Easter Sunday
Tammuz
month
compassionate leave
piece
St Joseph
Saphar
session
Indian summer
Fast of Gedaliah
cold spell
fiscal year
duration
midweek
day of remembrance
Christmas Eve
middle age
Feast of the Dedication
Sravana
1950s
Kartik
puerperium
Tisha b'Ab
impermanent
go
New York minute
vice-presidency
person hour
mid-eighties
Jomada I
Shrove Tuesday
air alert
Tisha b'Av
Floreal
latency stage
leap year
closing date
Fri
Oct
maturity date
decade
silver jubilee
Whitweek
Magha
trial period
Sawan
hr
bimester
bit
triple-crown season
episcopate
December
nonage
V-E Day
majority
prehistory
sentence
24-hour interval
holy day of obligation
due date
second trimester
maturity
Holy Innocents' Day
September 17
time frame
tomorrow
St Martin's Day
midwatch
run-time
salad days
Jeth
bell
quatercentennial
millenary
mid-September
Washington's Birthday
15 minutes
Lent
travel time
semicentennial
Lee's Birthday
Mar
eventide
May
Ash Wednesday
oral stage
D-day
millisecond
Chait
weekend
Adar Sheni
Eastertide
New Deal
historical period
summer
Quinquagesima Sunday
Safar
periods
payday
Independence Day
leisure
Reconstruction
beauty sleep
incumbency
within
8 May 1945
transaction date
culmination
second childhood
Victorian age
golden wedding anniversary
century
mid-sixties
sidereal hour
residence time
evening
pancake day
Renascence
peacetime
future date
New Year's
quinquennium
Assumption of Mary
while
Guy Fawkes Night
Memorial Day
forties
second
peak season
quarter day
drinking age
extended time scale
15 August 1945
half-moon
dry season
St John's Day
months
academic session
off-day
phallic stage
permanently
maidhood
working day
silver age
Discovery Day
Rejoicing of the Law
Wednesday
Good Friday
present
Bronze Age
bimillennium
Before
birthday
longueur
immortality
Vendemiaire
Dormition
work shift
dog days
forenoon
bissextile year
ship's bell
hour
reign of terror
Dominion Day
long time
time of life
lunar time period
first quarter
Maundy Thursday
sidereal month
end of the world
space age
Rajab
uptime
Holy Saturday
Jumada I
growing season
Ventose
Nissan
quincentennial
Pan American Day
Messidor
test period
All Saints' Day
February 12
time of year
weekday
Middle Ages
periodically
Rosh Hashona
Minutes
May 24
Shebat
Saint Valentine's Day
Saturday
patch
Month
presidency
election day
schooltime
1770s
doomsday
Dhu'l-Hijjah
quincentenary
recent
January
Christian holy day
prophase
Groundhog Day
Cinco de Mayo
off year
quarter-hour
Sun
Heshvan
Paleolithic
Xmas
Jomada II
morning
Midsummer's Day
Dhu al-Hijjah
early childhood
Tishri
secretory phase
1880s
New Stone Age
autumn
New Year's Eve
daytime
hebdomad
preseason
noviciate
haying
morning time
March
teens
Shabuoth
Italian Renaissance
current
min
print run
once a year
February 29
Christmastime
childhood
February 22
Palm Sunday
Succoth
saint's day
flower
Rabi II
terminal leave
After
February 14
Armistice Day
day of rest
sheepshearing
silver wedding anniversary
Judgement Day
terrestrial time
crack of doom
Dec 24
Dec 25
Ember Day
Saint Agnes's Eve
bicentenary
Restoration
public holiday
Father's Day
January 19
Simhath Torah
1790s
Veadar
sidereal day
night shift
Saint Martin's summer
month of Sundays
trimester
Kislev
fortnight
First of May
Moharram
August 6
Arbor Day
Rosh Hashonah
August 1
Feb 2
Lag b'Omer
intercalary year
Asadha
school year
usance
year dot
half-hour
rule
Time
Pascha
life
Doomsday
term of enlistment
kip
flush
solar day
safe period
Bastille Day
Fast of Tammuz
Depression
Mon
Hallowmas
Upper Paleolithic
January 20
Citizenship Day
shelf life
Michaelmas
drought
great year
wedding anniversary
Whitsun Monday
Trinity Sunday
quarter-century
Candlemas
equinoctial year
summertime
anaphase
Id al-Adha
girlhood
during
Revolutionary calendar month
December 31
vac
yr
Feast of Dedication
natal day
Flag Day
Pansa
June 3
phase
luteal phase
Whitmonday
contemporary world
thirty-something
Immaculate Conception
ides
market day
Shaaban
1840s
Dominicus
nineties
Ascension
March 25
bimillenary
church year
Valentine Day
365 days
Ascension Day
duty period
Aghan
fertile period
unit of time
Ramanavami
Christmastide
dogwatch
fall
incubation period
dark
mid-October
genital phase
August 15
1970s
May Day
Day of Judgement
March 17
mean solar day
springtime
stint
banking day
March 19
quattrocento
Armed Forces Day
leap day
Mardi Gras
When
April 14
split shift
Martin Luther King Jr's Birthday
St John's Eve
incarnation
span
date
degree day
All Fools' day
Great Schism
Succos
minority
half life
Asvina
Feast of Lights
1750s
tenure
Reign of Terror
hard time
spell
novitiate
High Holy Day
Period
Adar
mean time
Lammastide
full phase of the moon
metaphase
1860s
Martinmas
legal holiday
Fructidor
shivah
week
Martin Luther King Day
prohibition era
Presidents' Day
legal age
Vaisakha
night watch
Whit-Tuesday
winter
St Patrick's Day
Last Judgement
mid-forties
Last Day
social season
tropical year
1530s
1990s
Advent
Stone Age
holiday season
February
Lammas
value
Passion Sunday
centennial
mean solar time
hospitalization
Hogmanay
voting age
geezerhood
Commonwealth Day
monsoon
weeknight
golden age
work day
Future
slow time scale
Rejoicing in the Law
snap
